de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.Lockscreen
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.Main
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int about_options
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int about_values
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int lang_options
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int lang_values
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int minor_year_options
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int minor_year_values
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int rom_options
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int rom_values
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int year_options
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$array: int year_values
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$id: int textView
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$layout: int about
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$layout: int setting_custom_lunar_howtodo
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int about
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int about_category
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int about_msg
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int app_name
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int breakline
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int breakline_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int breakline_summay_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int cancel
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int content_category
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int custom_lunar
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int custom_lunar_summary
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int custom_lunar_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int custom_lunar_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int description
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int display_category
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int fest
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int fest_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int fest_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lang
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lang_dialogue_title
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lang_option_1
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lang_option_2
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lang_option_3
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_align
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_align_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_align_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_category
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_enable
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_enable_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_enable_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_line
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_line_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_line_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_width
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_width_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int layout_width_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lockscreen
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lockscreen_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int lockscreen_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int minor
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int minor_dialogue_title
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int minor_year_option_1
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int minor_year_option_2
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int minor_year_option_3
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int ok
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int remove
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int remove_summary_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int remove_summary_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int rom
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int rom_option_1
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int rom_option_2
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int setting_custom_lunar_howtodo
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int setting_custom_lunar_howtodo_msg
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int setting_custom_lunar_howtodo_summary
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int setting_custom_lunar_item
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int setting_custom_lunar_item_hint
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int setting_custom_lunar_item_summary
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int settings
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int system_category
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int term
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int term_summray_off
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int term_summray_on
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int year
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int year_dialogue_title
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int year_option_1
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int year_option_2
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int year_option_3
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$string: int year_option_4
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$xml: int setting
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.R$xml: int setting_custom_lunar
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.Setting
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.Setting: Setting()
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.SettingCustomLunar
de.xiaoxia.xstatusbarlunardate.SettingCustomLunar: SettingCustomLunar()
